client/src/layout/FAQ.md, before:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## I'm using the correct Tabroom username/password, but it won't let me log in
Log in on Tabroom.com, change your password (you can change it right back), and then try logging in on the caselist again. Sometimes Tabroom's user database gets out of sync (it's very old and creaky), and changing your password forces it to sync back up.

## How do I format my speech doc so my cites are automatically detected?
The auto-cite feature is based on the heading levels in your document. It will assume that the largest heading level in the document is the heading to use to split the document into cite entries. So if you only have Blocks (Heading 3), it will create a cite entry for each block title. If you use a Hat (Heading 2) or a Pocket (Heading 1), it will split the document on those headings instead. So, as long as you organize your document logically using a consistent heading level for where you want it to split each cite entry, it should work.

## How do I remove myself/opt out from the caselist?
If you already have a school/team you want deleted, you'll need to [Contact us](https://paperlessdebate.com#contact). Make sure to specify which caselist, year, and team/school. We don't automate deletions to avoid shenanigans.

Commit message:

Account reputation system to prevent abuse, some DB indexes to speed up tests

client/src/layout/FAQ.md, after:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## I'm using the correct Tabroom username/password, but it won't let me log in
Log in on Tabroom.com, change your password (you can change it right back), and then try logging in on the caselist again. Sometimes Tabroom's user database gets out of sync (it's very old and creaky), and changing your password forces it to sync back up.

## Why does it say "Account Untrusted"?
To prevent abuse, the caselist only allows trusted Tabroom users to make modifications. If you're a real student, judge, or coach on Tabroom, just wait a couple days and try logging in again. Until then, your account will be in "read only" mode, so you can browse, but not post.

## How do I format my speech doc so my cites are automatically detected?
The auto-cite feature is based on the heading levels in your document. It will assume that the largest heading level in the document is the heading to use to split the document into cite entries. So if you only have Blocks (Heading 3), it will create a cite entry for each block title. If you use a Hat (Heading 2) or a Pocket (Heading 1), it will split the document on those headings instead. So, as long as you organize your document logically using a consistent heading level for where you want it to split each cite entry, it should work.

## How do I remove myself/opt out from the caselist?
If you already have a school/team you want deleted, you'll need to [Contact us](https://paperlessdebate.com#contact). Make sure to specify which caselist, year, and team/school. We don't automate deletions to avoid shenanigans.
